Here. It's for the visas.
Wowie, wowie.
Ring the bell.
The queen is home.
You walk over here like this
and no one beat
the fuck out of you?
You don't think that's
a little meshuggeh?
Actually, I'm-- I'm fine.
I have the transvestite pass.
No one can arrest me.
I am protected by the city.
It actually says there
that I'm not meshuggeh.
What's transvestite?
That's like faigele, right?
No. Me. I'm--
I'm a transvestite.
You look like
Aunt Esther in this.
Magnus had the city
issue them to all of us.
Who's Magnus?
He's your gay lover?
- Uh, no. Uh, Magnus--
- I mean, not my gay lover.
...the head of an institute
where Gittel works.
You know, Ma, if you
got out more often,
then you might not
hate Berlin so much.
It's actually
quite a lovely city.
I think it's a fantastic city.
If it wasn't for all
the Germans living in it,
it would be great.
Chosa, I was hoping
tomorrow morning
you would teach me
how to use the U-bahn
like you've been saying.
I'm afraid of the turnstile
because I've been
hearing nonstop
about how it's been
breaking women's pelvises.
Did you hear
about Sheila's sister?
She had to give birth
through her face.
So stay home tonight,
and tomorrow you can
finally teach me--
I'm actually-- I can't
tomorrow morning.
When are you
coming home, huh?
I'm going to stay with--
I'm going to stay
with Gittel.
Stay here tonight,
Chosa, please.
Stay-- Chosa, stay here.
Stay here with Mommy.
Bye, Mommy.
** ["Someone To Watch
Over Me" sung in German]
Zwei.
Oh, my God,
what did you do?
I know, I got more.
No.
L'chaim.
Don't do that.
It makes me think of Dad.
L'chaim.
L'chai...
Anyone?
All: L'chaim!
**[singer continues]
To sisters.
**[piano interlude]
** [singer resumes]
Sneaking in, sneaking out.
I'm not sneaking.
I could be dead, you know,
lying in a gutter somewhere,
maggots eating my eyeballs.
You wouldn't even notice.
Fucking morbid.
You're fucking morbid.
** [piano]
[no audible dialogue]
I got the visas.
- What?
- I got the visas.
All three of us.
That's you.
Give it back to me.
That one's yours.
It says Ger Schoen.
Do you have a visa
for Gittel?
Your name is Ger Schoen.
My name is Gittel.
You know my name
is Gittel.
Okay. Today you're Gittel.
Tomorrow you can be Edith.
After that, you can be
a fucking lobster.
Change your name when you
get to America, please.
I'm not leaving Magnus.
Take me to this man.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Ma: What did you do
to my boy?
- Magnus: She goes by Gittel.
- Gittel?
What a horrible name.
It's the name she chose.
So what is this, a circus?
A sex circus?
- No.
- A zoo for fucking?
Are you starting
a religious--
No, I don't believe
in religion.
A sex religion?
I believe in...science.
I believe in truth.
I believe in reason,
in progress.
Look. Look around.
Look around.
You know, y--
you're in my library.
You're next to my museum.
You-- You're underneath
my medical ward.
You make fun.
This is the future!
What's that?
Ger Schoen's visa.
When he changes his mind
and he wants his mommy...
you're going to hold that
for him
and give it to him, okay?
Keep it safe, please.
Wipe that stuff
off your face.
Be home in an hour.
We have to pack,
and we have to go.
I mean, if you're
going to be a girl,
cover your tits.
Shameful.
** ["Someone To Watch
Over Me" on piano]
This is crossfit.
Let's work it like
you're in crossfit.
* Try it, come on,
come on, let's go *
Let's go. It's time to work!
You got to work!
[grunting]
This isn't Pilates.
Come on, come on,
give it up!
Give it all you got!
Two reps, and we're done.
This is what I like to see.
From the hips.
Focus on the hips.
All the way up.
Come on, rookie.
It's not about doing it
the way you want.
It's about doing it right.
You got plenty of time
to rest when we're done.
Oh that's-- that's how
we're going to be, huh?
We're just going to make it
perfect for you today.
Keep it moving.
All right?
A little bit faster.
You got a little bit
more in you, all right?
[grunting]
Looking better.
That's what I'm
talking about.
Well, so far for me,
the hardest thing
about the Jewish New Year
by far is that I keep
writing 5775 on my checks.
I'm pretty sure you used
that same joke in 5774.
Okay.
I don't want to start
a whole thing,
but I'm keeping
a little bit in my head
just about the--
the talk.
The whole polyamory idea
is freaking me out.
Don't--
That's the wrong word.
It's not about
other people at all.
It's about me and you.
It's about
how incredible this is
and how amazing you are
and how much
I love being with you
and how, being with you,
I've become myself,
and I-- and I want
to keep doing that
and expanding and getting
closer and closer to that,
and I know that I will
just start shutting down
if we have to, you know,
make some commitment
to-- to next year,
next month, or--
A month? Is that hard
for you to think about?
A whole month with me
or a week?
Like tomorrow?
Like a day?
That would be hard?
Or, like, you know,
what's going to happen
in an hour?
Are we going to be
going out in an hour,
or is that, like,
too hard,
- like, so locked in?
- Stop.
You're
so locked in by me.
Stop it. What? No.
Of course tomorrow.
I'm just-- But yes,
like, day to day.
Why not? Why not...
not burden us
with expectations and--
Because
this isn't a burden.
This is not a burden
for me.
I can't do this way.
I can't do this version.
That's not who I am,
and you know that.
So I'm not doing it.
I'm not
going to the festival,
and I'm not doing this.
So figure it out.
I don't know
where I belong here,
but, uh, I know, you know,
I'd like to help.
Well, there's a lot,
you know.
We have a variety
of opportunities.
Uh-huh.
Uh, Crock Pot,
which is sort of like
our queer Meals On Wheels.
Oh, I don't think
I want to inflict my
cooking on shut-ins.
How do you think you'd do
with crisis intervention?
Well, I butt in a lot.
I'm very good at that,
my children tell me.
- Okay.
- Tell me more.
Well, the Trevor Project.
They're looking for people
for their late night shifts.
- Uh-huh.
- It's intense, you know?
It's mostly
suicidal teens.
Wow. That's important.
Yeah. And, you know,
the people who do it,
the Life On Uppers,
they go through a rigorous
training program.
Mm. Is the graveyard
shift the only opening?
We don't call it
the graveyard shift
because of the, you know,
the nature of the calls.
Right. Well, I wouldn't--
That's not something
I would say on the phone.
I'm going to get you
an application.
Okay.
Oh. Sorry.
Hi.
I didn't know
you did yoga.
Sorry.
I do.
What kind of yoga is it?
It's called hatha.
Well, I have hatha mind--
Okay.
- Davina--
- What do you want, Maura?
I mean, is this
what we're going to do?
Do you want me
to move out?
to find other housing?
Is this where we are?
Are we going to be
friends again?
I'm trying to change,
all right?
I'm trying
to do the right thing.
I mean, I'm here.
I'm volunteering
for these people.
My God.
Volunteering twice a week
doesn't make you
Mother Teresa.
I know that.
Mother Teresa, by the way,
was not a terribly
nice person.
Flawed.
Hello.
Come in.
In here.
Come here, come here,
come here.
Would you come over here
and smell this pepper?
I think this stem
has stem rot.
- Oh.
- Does it smell moldy?
Looks like a stem to me.
Let's see what's inside. Yes.
Um, is Leslie here?
I just have a thing--
Oh, sure. Bean! Hey, Bean!
Do you live here?
I thought
you lived next door.
Oh, yeah. My stove's broken.
- Bean!
- Leslie: What?
Hi.
Hey, there.
Uh, um, I'm sorry.
I just--
I have my essay for you.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. Just--
Just drop it right there,
and I'll get around
to it.
You know Bella.
Hi.
Hey.
[Leslie chuckles]
Let me take you
to your Uber, babe.
Bye.
She was kind of young, huh?
You know, I kind of guess
that Leslie harbors
a little disdain
for the aging female body.
So it seems
like the age gap
just keeps getting bigger.
I mean, the girls,
they just--
they keep getting younger?
Well, like, Leslie
keeps getting older,
and they all stay 21.
Hold up.
It's a complicated process
to select
the correct tour van--
- Oh, my God.
- That's crazy.
...in order to haul
your fussy little pusses
across--
- How about this one?
- [Agnyss laughs]
So where are we
going to go?
Uh, as far away
as we can fucking--
- Ooh.
- ...get from Los Angeles.
Fuck, that's baller.
Ooh-ooh!
It's so good.
Hop in.
See if this is the one.
Whoo!
This one-- This is like
we all have our own bed.
Josh can sleep in the back
while I drive.
- If you're sober.
- Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You're not driving.
This is what
we're going to do.
I'm going to put
little blankies.
I'm going to
make little nests.
And I'm going to feed you
little gummy worms as we go.
- You're out of
your fucking mind.
- Ew!
- How you folks doing?
- Oh, here he is.
- Hi. Richard.
- Hi, Joshua Pfefferman.
- How are you?
- I'm good.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- My girls love this one.
Yep. Pretty girls
need a pretty van.
Yes, they do.
Now, the base model on this
one starts at 39.5.
So, right off the bat,
what's the lowest
you can go?
Just no fucking around.
Um...I might be able
to swing, uh, 38.
- No.
- But that's really--
That's as low as I can go
without losing my job.
38? Okay.
Uh, where you from?
Encino. You?
Pacific Palisades.
Really?
We got two Cali boys here.
- Two Cali boys!
- There we go.
That's what I'm
talking about.
What can you do for
a fellow Angelino?
Because I think you can
do better than 38.
I know you can do
better than 38.
I-- I really can't.
Like 32.
[snapping fingers]
Okay.
That's physically
not possible.
Treinta y dos.
Right? Right? Right?
You will sell me
this van for $32,000.
I know you need
this commission,
and if you don't,
I'm going to walk away.
Owned and fucking poned.
All right,
who's got a license?
Yes.
See you back at
the studio, all right?
Last one to the studio
buys Pinkberry.
Motherfucker.
Ali: And then Syd bailed,
and now I have to go
to Idyllwild all by myself.
Isn't that Leslie
woman there?
Yeah, but that's exactly why
I don't want to go by myself.
I don't want to seem like
one of her little groupies.
You should see this
little baby bird little--
excommunicated
from the Mormon Church
coming out of her bedroom
all fucked into oblivion
like a--
Oh, my God.
Isn't she old?
She is older.
She is extremely sexy,
very smart,
and I really,
really like her,
and I think that I'm
too old for her.
I'm not kidding.
She likes them real little.
I got to meet this woman.
Oh, my God.
Come with me to Idyllwild.
You can meet her, and then
I don't have to go alone.
No. I can't. I can't.
I got the cable guy coming
to install the bigger TV.
Do you hear the words that are
coming out of your mouth?
In case you didn't,
the cable guy
coming to install
the bigger TV.
- Hi.
- Hello.
Shelly: Hi!
- Wow.
- Hello.
This place looks great.
Yeah. Isn't this amazing?
Looks like we're
in Key West.
- That makes sense.
- Very festive, Mom.
1, 2, 1, 2, 3.
Is Josh coming?
No. I, uh, I invited him,
but he's still
a little depressed.
Yeah. So am I.
I thought Raquel
was going to be
my sister-in-law.
- It's awful.
- It's tragic.
We all thought it was
gonna work out differently.
Is that
a margarita machine?
Yes, Buzzy bought it for me.
- Hi, Buz.
- Hey, girls.
Wow, a new grill.
Yes, he bought that
for me, too.
He loves his meat.
I love his meat.
Oh, Mom, ew.
Can I get
one of these?
Yeah, in a minute.
I made the plates
too small.
I have to do
with my finger.
Did he move in?
He lives on a houseboat
on Lake Havasu,
and the commute was
getting to be too much,
so he has a drawer.
I don't know how
to work this yet. Here.
Oh, a yellow watermelon.
This is very exotic.
I knew
you'd like that.
Thanks for bringing this.
I wonder if this
is an aphrodisiac.
Whoo, I hope so.
I just feel like
no one understands me.
Well, I felt like that,
and I know
what you're saying.
You know, there's always
darkness before the--
the storm? Dawn?
And I'm dead.
- This is hard.
- I know.
It's really hard.
I know. It's okay, though.
You just have to get in there
and intercept
what they're feeling.
They're-- They're about
to harm themselves.
You have to keep them
from harming themselves.
Okay.
- Okay?
- Yeah.
This is harder
than I thought.
[writing]
I've had those thoughts.
This is you.
Oh, my God.
Suicide and--
Sometimes I just feel
like it would be easier
is I just wasn't here.
When was this?
Uh, freshman year
of high school,
sophomore year-- Hmm.
All of high school
and into college.
Pretty much until
about three years ago
when, uh, I don't know.
I guess I still have my days.
Still?
Now you listen to me.
If you ever
have those thoughts,
you call me, all right?
I mean, even the slightest
thought like that,
I mean, really,
you call me
because I'll come over,
and I'll tell you how
fantastic and wonderful
and unique and what
a gorgeous soul you are
and what a crappy,
fucked-up world
this would be without you.
Do you understand me?
You're such a good mom.
Okay, who likes them bloody?
- Ooh!
- Let's go, let's go.
- They're perfect.
- Wow.
That is a lot of meat.
A lot of meat.
Does that say something?
An artist always
signs his work.
Wow. "Buzzy meat."
Yeah, yeah.
It's from Sky Mall.
They have all kinds
of nifty gadgets there.
Do you want one?
I can get you one.
Okay, everybody,
you are looking...
at the new president
of the condo board.
- Wow.
- Yeah, hurray.
It was a landslide
victory.
- But guess what.
- What?
After the first meeting,
I wanted to quit.
Yeah. Sitting around listening
to a bunch of alte kochers
talk about what color they
should paint the facackteh
speed bumps.
[speaking Yiddish]
So Buzzy says to me--
So I told her you need to do
what you want in this life,
not what you feel like
you should be doing.
Just quit.
- Just quit.
So you quit after
the first meeting?
Yes. Tell them
about the cruise.
I'm taking your mother
on a five-day Alaskan cruise.
Five days.
And you know what?
If you look in the brochure,
there is a picture
of a buffet--
you know the raw bar buffet--
with clams, oysters,
uh, sh-shrimp
the size of your arm,
and-- and-- and scallops
the size of footballs.
And it's all--
it's all for free.
Okay, you know what?
I got to go wash my hands.
- Ali: Yeah, I got to pee.
- Where are you going?
- What is going on?
- I don't know.
What is that person?
I don't understand.
That's a plant.
These aren't real.
- Yes, it is.
- No, it's not.
It's real, and it's alive.
Oh, my God. She's--
she's fucking
watering plants?
There's a clean faucet.
She's in limerence.
It is so clean in here.
She's in what?
Limerence.
What's limerence?
Puppy love, early days.
It makes you clean
your cabinets?
She got a bidet.
Oh, my God,
I love those things.
It's so clean and neat
and organized.
These are, like, $500.
I guess Buzzy likes
his taint cleaned.
It's got pulsate, oscillate--
Where is all the shit?
...high, medium, low.
Cold, hot.
Where's my Kleenex
cozy I made for her
in fifth grade? I can't--
- [water gushing]
- [gasp]
Oh, my God.
She threw away my
needlepoint Kleenex cozy?
Mom!
This is so warm and wet.
Als. Als, close the door.
What?
Close the fucking door.
I gave it all
to the Hadassah League.
I got rid of all those boxes
of moldy clothes
and toys in the garage, too.
I-- I can breathe.
Mama, my artwork
was in those boxes.
What artwork?
All my old artwork
from my freshman year
at Bard.
My-- My paintings
and my collage
and my video pieces.
Buzzy says
that if you hold an item
in your hand
and it doesn't give you joy,
you should get rid of it.
I didn't want to be like
one of those hoarders on
television.
See?
Jesus, Mom.
Everything is gone.
You didn't want to keep
anything, Mom?
Nothing?
None of the artwork
I made for you as a kid?
What about the painting
of you holding that baby?
That painting
did not give me joy.
It was very unattractive.
I looked so angry.
Whose baby
was that anyway?
It was a symbolic baby, Mom.
It was a painting.
Well, anyway,
I've been telling you kids
to come pick up
your stuff for months.
- Uch.
- I am not a storage facility.
Your father is the one
with the enormous house.
[loud groan]
[scoff]
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm,
mm-mm.
- Buzz?
- Yeah.
You need some help?
Not really. My--
our mom threw out
all of our stuff,
- so we're just looking for it.
- Oh.
Could you be a little
gentle, please? Just--
- Sorry.
- Thank you.
Good hunting.
Okay. Thanks.
You know, I could
have been a painter.
Probably should have
been a painter.
My teacher said I had
unusual raw talent.
Someone gave
their Bible away.
You think
they lost faith?
I'm losing faith
that we're ever going
to find our stuff.
I need to start
doing something,
something bigger than myself,
anything, just something
really big.
Really?
Something really big?
Like a really big
music festival
in a big forest
full of big vaginas
and big fires
and big hugs
from your sister?
Josh:
Look at this traffic.
They time it out so you
can't get anywhere.
It's a fucking conspiracy
is what it is.
Come on, motherfucker.
Come on!
- [honk]
- Josh, for real.
If I could go around him
I would,
- but this bitch with--
- Chill out.
...the fucking children
in the car is fucking with me.
- [honk]
- What the fuck
is wrong with them?
What the fuck
is wrong with you?
You're being a dick,
Josh.
- Fucker!
- Relax!
- [honk]
- Oh, my God.
You're so embarrassing.
Fucking go,
you piece of shit!
You're freaking me out!
They're
fucking boxing me in!
- [honk]
- Oh, my God, stop it!
Seriously, what is
happening to you?
I think
you should pull over.
Ohh...
[panting]
Josh?
Are you all right?
[panting]
I don't know.
Do you think a bear
can work this zipper?
Yes.
- Really?
- Yes, you know.
They prefer knobs,
but they like
a good zipper.
Oh, you're just a jerk.
Hello.
- Moppa.
- Hi.
What's going on?
What is all this?
We're going to Idyllwild
Womyn's Music Festival.
We're camping.
We're checking out
our new gear.
It's Womyn.
Womyn's Festival with a Y.
That's wonderful.
We're going to drink
and dance
and shake our tits
in the wind.
- [gasp] Is that it?
- Yes.
- It just came.
- What is that?
Oh, it's a, uh,
it's a service
that regenders
childhood photos.
- Come over here.
- Sarah: Really?
That's so cool. Let's see.
You, like,
send your pictures in?
Of course. Now look.
Wait a second.
Can you wait?
Hold on, hold on.
- [gasp]
- Mm.
Oh, my God, look.
They put a bow
in your hair.
It's so beautiful
what they do.
Look, look.
- [gasp]
- Oh, my God.
Sarah: Oh. Is that
your bar mitzvah?
God, just imagine if you
could have been her
your whole life.
- Hmm.
- Yeah.
Then I would be shaking
my tits in the wilderness...
with my daughters.
** [rock guitar]
- Maura, Sarah: Yeah.
- Ali: Yeah.
All right.
*Well, darkness
has a hunger *
* That's insatiable *
* Insatiable *
*And lightness has a call *
*That's hard to hear *
* Hard to hear *
*I wrap my fear
around me *
- *Like a blanket *
- * A blanket *
*I sailed my ship to safety *
- *Till I sank it *
- * I sank it *
*I'm crawlin'
on your shores *
*I went to the doctor,
I went to the mountains *
*I looked to the children,
I drank from the fountains *
*There's more than one answer
to these questions *
*Pointing me
in a crooked line *
*And unless
I seek my source *
*From some definitive *
*Closer I am to God, yeah *
* Closer I am to God *
* Yeah *
*I sent to see
the doctor of philosophy *
* With a poster of Rasputin *
*And a beard
down to his knee *
*He never did marry *
* Or see the great movie *
*He graded my performance *
*He said he could
see through me *
*I spent four years
prostrate to the higher mind *
*Got my paper,
and I was free *
*I went to the doctor *
*I went to the mountains *
* I looked to the children *
* I drank from the fountains *
*There's more
than one answer *
*To these questions *
*Pointing me
in a crooked line *
[fading]
*And unless I seek my... *